Cricket Icon: Hello.
Cricket Icon: Hi.
How are you
Cricket Icon: I'm doing okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm okay what's happening.
Cricket Icon: Just say mall just trying to get out of this apartment.
Cricket Icon: That's been really, really, really busy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's the latest update
Cricket Icon: The managers here. Give me a hard time to give me the paperwork to move to the other permit complex that I got so I'm like in the verge of losing that other apartment she expects me to move out to not being in order to get that people or so. I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I should expect you to move out first, before she gives you the paperwork.
Cricket Icon: Yeah.
Cricket Icon: She told me to two stories which sounded like lies, for she told me that she's not able to give me the ledger showing that I owe their balance and and
Cricket Icon: Because they their management change and you need to switch the system is a switch from Wesley to matrix, I guess they're going to they
Cricket Icon: Don't make no and she said that it's going to take a while for to 200 apartments to update and she's also not able to give you wait until it's finished updating
Cricket Icon: An inch told me they told me, but if you were to move out within the next three to seven days, I would be able to print that out view. It's like, what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They don't Nancy, do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, why can't you do it now.
Cricket Icon: Well, you just finished saying that you don't know when when when this isn't going to finish updating and then you can print it out until it up the
Cricket Icon: So she's just she's giving me a hard time like my attorney out of y'all. She pretty much there. There's nothing she could do about it. She tried
Cricket Icon: She tried to stick with the manager and the manager told me to speak to her attorney. She, she didn't want it to her at all. And now she's treating me even worse because she knows that I have an attorney and it's discrimination, but nobody else. No, no one else sees it me
Cricket Icon: That's just crazy and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will the new landlord.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try to call the this landlord to get the information
Cricket Icon: Well, she said that there is nothing she can call for that she needs to send she needs to give me the ledger herself or fax it to them, but she does not want to do that.
Cricket Icon: And then
Cricket Icon: With this Court situation. She's taking a chance. Take me to core and
Cricket Icon: I don't understand why because the other manager from the other apartments of the I want to move to told me, Well, I'm a manager. So I know all this works like she's all you paid everything off. Right. And I said, Yes, I was only only $300 behind
Cricket Icon: I mean I had, you know, if I were to show them my checks up from that month they would understand why that my hours fell back and up here like maybe 200 and $201 in February in February.
Cricket Icon: And then, and I didn't make no other check. Besides that, check.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, anyway.
Cricket Icon: So anyways, um,
Cricket Icon: So, oh gosh, I'm so stressed out.
Cricket Icon: So anyway, the, the manager.
Cricket Icon: From about Maria. She told me that she thought if you paid everything off and you don't know anything. She said,
Cricket Icon: All she has to do is fill out a dismissal form and send it to the judge and just dismiss this case. And just as long as you're out by the 30th, like she asked, because I put on my 30 day notice and
Cricket Icon: Then she should just let you go free me like it's like she's holding on to you and I told her I know I feel like she's like obsessed with me for some reason.
Cricket Icon: Like she like wants to know where I'm moving she she that keeps making it a point like have to have the apartments Fax me and maybe maybe we'll maybe I'll be able to practice and something that maybe
Cricket Icon: What do you mean, maybe it's either you can or you can, yeah, then go through all all that and then you just want to find out where I'm going to move it and say, you never received it.
Cricket Icon: And then you start messing with my life over there and start talking saying this, not about me trying to like put me wrong when you know that I've been living here eight years and I've done nothing wrong.
Cricket Icon: Nothing right I fall behind on my rent for fun in February and March, but that's the dynamic had just just hit
Rd
Cricket Icon: Hours dropped and just everything started getting crazy about crazier and crazier as, as we are now.
Cricket Icon: So, um,
Cricket Icon: I mean, I don't know, I just, I don't know. I don't know what to do. I just, I'm just so nervous for my kids, you know, I can't be in the streets of three kids so she told me, Oh, baby.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you on your own head, there's nothing they can do.
Cricket Icon: I want section A
Cricket Icon: I believe HUD is a whole different program I God is they help you buy a house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Section eight. You can't Section eight can't help you with this stuff because it's been such a struggle.
Cricket Icon: Whoa, yeah. My coordinator, Karen. She said she's gonna make a call to to where I'm going to move to the store later and she's going to talk to them and see if they'll let me move in and then and then once I move in don't show get the get the dismissal and the ledger after I moved out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're waiting for her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, you lost volume. I can't hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're there now.
Cricket Icon: I'm sorry about that phone calls coming in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is this phone out I
Cricket Icon: Was calling. I just rejected it. Um, but yeah, it's pretty much up to this manager, she just she's just she's making my life, how it
Cricket Icon: How would you get was the other way around. What if I was your manager and you had your kids, you know, and as being is making your life.
Cricket Icon: If you what you need in order to move on with your life and have a roof over your, your kids that had. I mean, you wouldn't like it at all.
Yeah.
Cricket Icon: It's, I just, I don't know.
Cricket Icon: It's frustrating. Yeah, it's very, very frustrating to the point to where
Cricket Icon: It's like I've been so so so positive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Cricket Icon: And I'm, I'm trying to keep it that way but
Cricket Icon: She's not making it easy.
I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I can see, though, I can see it on your face the frustration, the anxiety, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you just got to, you know, hope that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That Section eight can help get or convince the southern landlord to let you move in. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you right now you know as well as I do your faith is being tested. Everything is being tested right now. And if you could keep that inside your head and say this is a test. This is a test and I'm going to pass.
Cricket Icon: What I'm doing that's exactly
Cricket Icon: You know, and I'm not. That's exactly exactly what I'm doing. I'm just
Cricket Icon: It's like, I know it's like, I feel, I feel like she's trying to break me, you know, because she sees me as such a positive person. I think it bothers her
Cricket Icon: You know, because no matter how mean she has to be no matter what she does to me. I'm still I'm still respectful.
Cricket Icon: Because I'm not that I just thought that kind of person. I don't want somebody mean to me. I'm not, I'm not going to, you know, bite back. I'm just going to be like, Okay, if that's the way you feel. Then, you know, so be it. But I'm not gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Help it when I'm muted again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay.
Cricket Icon: I don't know who's trying to call. I'm sorry. I'll get to them after I meet with you, um,
Cricket Icon: But yeah, I just
Cricket Icon: I am I, that's, that's the first thing I thought is, you know, my faith is being tested right now and I'm not gonna, I'm not going to give up hope. I'm not going to give up my positive you know staying positive. I'm not going to give up my happiness.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
Cricket Icon: Because she might pull that away from me, take it away from me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because then she wins. Yeah, don't let her, don't let her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I know is that that somehow this is going to work out and it might not work out the way that you hoped that it would, but somehow this is going to be surfaced and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Things are going to be okay. You've been such a good head space, you've been doing the next right thing for such a long time that it cannot. You know what I mean and ruin have, you know, you have your higher power Rosa, that is backing you 100%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just have to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep that in your head. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You take breaks. Make sure you you're on top of your self care right now and fight with grace because that's what you've been doing
Cricket Icon: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No matter what
Cricket Icon: Right, and that's exactly what I'm gonna can continue doing and nobody's going to stop me from continuing that and
Cricket Icon: That they said it's like it's like she's trying to break me to snap back like she wants me to argue back and and like
Cricket Icon: Be like aggressive towards her so that she could have a reason demo and tell like the other managers well
Cricket Icon: You know, like she told me off, and she doesn't. She doesn't respect and, you know, like, blah, blah, blah. She snapped back at me, and she told me this and she told me that I'm going to give her that that power.
Cricket Icon: I'm not, no matter how
Cricket Icon: Bad. She treats me
Cricket Icon: Yeah, I don't
Cricket Icon: I just
Cricket Icon: Really like, you know, okay, if that's if that's the way it is, then, if it's just a nice day okay you know you told me two different stories which you don't make sense, but
Cricket Icon: You know all this senior head. It makes sense. So we'll just keep it that way, like I talked to her like that. And she gets she gets mad like she's like peers. They shoot, I can hear it. I can hear it through her voice, even though I don't see her face.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, they can hear my voice to say, okay, well, somebody else. I don't know what to tell you. Oh rosov like doing. She's just the way she speaks to me. They just do it. That's exactly the way she says, My name like
Cricket Icon: Should be like, I don't know, but also
Cricket Icon: Mighty I can do anything for you. That's all, that's all I can tell you, I'm just the property manager here and I can do anything else for you. Okay, Elsa.
Cricket Icon: If you're going to have the other apartments and me something, then maybe I could send them something back that could help you Rosa.
Cricket Icon: But I don't know, other than that I can do anything for you okay dosa so if you end up on the streets with your kids. That's your problem rosov there's other places. There's the S bit off the estimate on thought shelter.
Cricket Icon: And she started naming all kinds of list of shelters. I'm gonna
Cricket Icon: I'm like, You know what, whatever, like I pray for you. That's all I can do is pray for you because you you I didn't tell her this but I was thinking this, I was thinking, you know, like, I know you're trying to break me right now.
Cricket Icon: I know you want me to snap back them off. Oh, I mean, all I think in my head is I pray for you. They really do hope that God helps you find a better place in your heart.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, then he turns your black heart to a gold heart you know cuz
Cricket Icon: It's really awful to do the kind of person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She has her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who's her but
Cricket Icon: She doesn't want to give me the name. She don't want to give me the name. She says she tells me that the owners want me out. But you can't prove it.
Cricket Icon: I asked. I told her cat you if the owners specifically wanted me out for for two months of rent $130 each each month.
Cricket Icon: I mean,
Cricket Icon: I figured that they would have wrote me a letter themselves, you know, stating, you know, we were the owners of Tuscany, you know,
Cricket Icon: We are asking that that to leave our premises do today is due to that. But no, she she just keeps on saying that it's the owners. I want me out that that she can give me. No, no. Another their information.
Cricket Icon: That there's no way that I can contact them. She said that she can even contact them that she has to speak to the manager and only her manager can contact them. She thought she says I have a manager tutorial saw that I need to answer to
Cricket Icon: And it's like,
Cricket Icon: I'm like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who is he does what
Cricket Icon: Do you want me it she tells me I can give you that information.
Cricket Icon: She, she don't she don't want me to get help. She doesn't want me to let them know what she's doing to me that I get, I can guarantee I know in my heart, I feel it. I know in my heart that the owners don't you're not even her manager knows she's doing this to me.
Cricket Icon: And if her manager, Doug. No, she's telling her things bad things about me that are not true.
Cricket Icon: And she's making her manager thing that I like this.
Cricket Icon: awful person. And if I mean I'm just, I'm just like, putting like a theory together, you know,
Cricket Icon: Yeah, because if she doesn't get her managers number that obviously
Cricket Icon: Obviously, she's telling her manager things about me that are not true, and she doesn't want me to find out about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What city. Do you live in.
Cricket Icon: Santa Fe, New Mexico State New Mexico City Santa Fe.
Cricket Icon: I've tried Boolean all of that I can. I've, I've called what I found. And they tell me because it's living peak of that's that's like the like their main name is living peak.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, whenever I've already. That's when you when you look up Tuscany. That's the first thing that comes up is living peak. So that's the closest thing I've LA, I looked up living PK called the number and they told me that they had nothing to do with Tuscany.
Cricket Icon: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Fast quick are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to see there's gotta be a way that you can get that information.
Cricket Icon: Internet I tried just asking her, just, you know, woman. A woman face to face.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does your lawyer know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your lawyer.
Cricket Icon: My trainees aware of it, my attorney. Try to get in all the information but Queen. I told her I can speak to you. There's nothing I have to say call my attorney. That's it. She said, and she told her, and
Cricket Icon: She told her. Okay. It was nice talking. Was I talking to you. You have a good day. Bye. And she hung up on my attorney.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So who is her who's the apartment complexes lawyer. I mean, can you
Cricket Icon: I don't know. I would have to ask my attorney that I didn't even ask her, just once she told me that she just pretty much told me, like, in other words, I'm sorry. It also I tried everything.
Cricket Icon: I can do for you. She doesn't want to speak to me without her attorney president and she said that that it just
Cricket Icon: It will just proceed.
Cricket Icon: Things will just it'll just make things worse. She said, If I get in contact with her attorney, they'll turn into a real court case and
Cricket Icon: Mean like lawyers will be involved and all that and it'll just, she said, You'll just make everything proceed longer and longer and
Cricket Icon: She said, You'll you will end up in this with your kids. She's also you're better off just just trying to just bargain with her and just trying to just get it to dismiss this just like the way the other manager from from the so they get permits told me to.
Cricket Icon: Kind of just to dismiss this and just give you the ledger. That's all you need. That's all you need to move out here. That's all I need. And she does not want to give it to me.
Cricket Icon: And I literally told her over the phone. I told her so.
Cricket Icon: If you can't give me any of that. Would you expect me to do move out to my van and pull my stuff outside and then you'll give it to me.
Cricket Icon: Will you give it to me that if I push or pull put throw my stuff outside and she's all know dosa know your stuff can be on my property. So no, I would not. I'm sorry. I didn't get some T shirts crying.
It's okay.
Cricket Icon: If she said no you care.
Cricket Icon: She said, No, you can't. You can't put this stuff on my property. She told me
Cricket Icon: She said, You need to move it to a storage or or to a new place you're going to move into if if that's what you want. If you want to
Cricket Icon: If you want the ledger and and if you want to get this case to Smith.
Cricket Icon: So it's like it's like every option. I try to like bargain with her and just every option I bring up. She comes up with with just say something negative, something
Cricket Icon: Negative. I'm like, I don't know that quitting on I tell her. There's either just know working there. Just know, working with you. There's no bargaining with you. There's, there's just no no talking to you, like, I try to talk to you with respect and and kindness and
Cricket Icon: You just, you just
Cricket Icon: You just talk to me with with the opposite. You know, you
Cricket Icon: Yeah, me with no respect. You don't want to give me no information which you know you can, which are my rights i mean i i pay rent. So I have
Cricket Icon: My right
Cricket Icon: To get them, but the to your manager, I have the right to have a number to the owners, I have that right right IP route. You're just a manager you. It's just, this is just your job.
You do. Right.
Cricket Icon: And and she just starts going all out overall saw
Cricket Icon: That. No, that's not true. That doesn't make any sense. You don't know anything about my job. So they don't speak about don't talk about my job. This is about you and she just tried to flip things around and
Cricket Icon: She's just empty just an impossible person. That's it. That's it. That's just the best way to describe her. She's just impossible. She's just impossible.
Cricket Icon: To just I can't, I can't get through to her. I can't, I can't make her understand that I have three kids. It's like, I have three kids, you have kids yourself.
Cricket Icon: I figured you would at least have a heart and say, yeah, of course, you know, I'll give them what they need so that you could move into that apartment, you have children that you need to put a roof over their head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But she died.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She doesn't care.
Cricket Icon: To don't don't at all. She told me herself. She said, this ain't my problem. I don't, I don't care. This problem.
Cricket Icon: This is your problem to told me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Has she given you any paperwork, yet at all.
No.
Cricket Icon: Because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you still have your rental agreement.
Cricket Icon: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the information might be on the rental agreement.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, you know what, you're right. I read it, I mean, of course, because I've been living here eight years. So I read it, maybe eight years ago, but
Cricket Icon: I honestly don't remember what specifically it states. So after this meeting. I'm going to read that rental agreement. So thank you for reminding me about that because that rental agreement. I'm sure states, a lot of facts and and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like who the owners are
Cricket Icon: Not exactly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that there has to be another way around around her so that you can get the information that you need and I if you know honestly I would put in an official complaint.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, once you're out of there. I would put an official complaint to the company about, you know, this whole scenario because it puts you at such high risk and you have three children.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it. There's no reason why she can't call the other place and say, hey, we're updating our system. I can't pull it off the computer, but I'm more than willing to verbally give you what you need, or write it out for you, she could do something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know her unwillingness to proceed forward is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is ridiculous and it is, you know, unfair to you and your children.
Cricket Icon: The discrimination. She, she's discriminating on me. You don't like me. I don't know if it's because of my race or because how I look or how I dress or how I talk or because she can get me mad. She discriminating discrimination.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You push your buttons.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Cricket Icon: To accomplish my yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She's asking me
Cricket Icon: For some reason, and I don't know what it is, but she just
Cricket Icon: She has never liked me for the past four years that she's been managing this place I've been here eight years. And the first manager for the first four years.
Cricket Icon: It was Tessa. She was a great manager, she I mean she helped people out, you know, she was just she was great. She managed the property, the way it was supposed to be.
Cricket Icon: You know, to work with the people you know on jujitsu just a good person. She would have never done nothing like this to me never
Cricket Icon: In a million years and and i know i know that that she's been waiting for me to fall behind them a rent to do this to me. I knew it. It's like, and then it's like it's like I told you I went and I told her that I had in or in organization.
Cricket Icon: That that wanted to pay not just February's rent for me but marches room for me as well too. I told her, and it's a sad thing is up. I talked to her about it already. And she agreed.
Cricket Icon: You know, she said, okay, that's fine, but where I messed up. I trust it to tell her the day I had my appointment with the organization which was March 12 and she went march 11 the day before I was going to get the payment for her and took the tour.
Cricket Icon: That just shows me that she she literally did it on purpose.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you know, with the corner virus going on, and everyone's hours being cut. And the way that things have been, you know what I mean, there's a lot of landlords that are are really giving grace periods, because of it. And it's a shame that you know that she's so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Against helping somebody you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I would definitely you know look at your rental agreement, see who the owners are on that, you know, contact them. Let them know you know what it is that you desperately need.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and that you've been attendant for eight years with no issues you know they you know that's hard to come by.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good tenants are hard to come by and you've been one for eight years. You know what I mean. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would, you know, tell them what stress. This is put under you. I, you know, and that you know this is not okay.
Cricket Icon: Lot of mental anguish.
I'm sorry.
Cricket Icon: But it is a mental anguish and it's like my 13 year old understands everything that's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Cricket Icon: So, it kills me inside because
Cricket Icon: She's
Cricket Icon: She's, she's like, you know, like Monique, what are we going to do
Cricket Icon: If we do, and like
Cricket Icon: I just hit the seer even have to worry about that, you know,
Cricket Icon: Yeah, yeah, we
Cricket Icon: Were weak God God. God knows my heart, even with our hearts and he'll placed us where we belong
Cricket Icon: You know, with
Cricket Icon: Us, I
Cricket Icon: Don't worry, don't worry about it being through a workout things will work out, they will. They'll work them.
Cricket Icon: But just just to see her stressing out over it. She
Cricket Icon: Didn't have to
Cricket Icon: They could he doesn't understand the distress and
Cricket Icon: The mental anguish and and
Cricket Icon: Just, just all together, like she just she just playing with my head.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, putting me through a lot, you know, and I understand positive above situation, but still it's in my head.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, totally, like, well,
Cricket Icon: If I'm if they're telling me we can't wait no more. The other apartments. He's telling you that if they end up telling me we can wait no more, you know it, it still goes through my head like, what, where am I going to go
Cricket Icon: Just
Cricket Icon: I just I just, I just don't know anymore. I'm just leaving it in God's hands.
Cricket Icon: And just world middle leave it just, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You bet. Been doing the footwork, you've been doing, you know, the work that needs to be done. And so at that point, you do have to say, all right, I can't do this. Please take over because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's not fair to you and it's not fair to your daughter. You know, it's just not fair.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would look, again, I would look. And here's another thing is that you have stood up for yourself to this landlord, and then I like that. They like to have that control.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And tell you what you're going to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And when you know you have to remember that there's only one person that has control over your life and is surely not heard
Cricket Icon: Oh no, I have control my own life and my lord above my father have a bone. That's it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you just
Cricket Icon: People know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You, you got to get refueled
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because she's wearing you down a little bit. And so you got to get refueled and do what you need to do call, you know, look at your lease.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get the owner's name call them, ask them for that paperwork. Let them know how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know uncooperative this person has been and you don't have to say anything bad. You don't have to say anything bad about her other than, you know, this is what you need, you're desperate for it. It's the only way that you can, you know, move, could they possibly get that for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just kind of go from there and see you know what they're willing to do, and you'll be able to tell by who you talk to, whether or not it's all on her or if the company as a whole.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is, you know, acting in this manner, you know, you'll be able to tell with whoever you talk to you on the phone over there.
Okay.
Cricket Icon: That makes sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, don't give up. Right. You're at the end of this, everything is going to work out for your good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that to be true.
Cricket Icon: Yes, thank you for that.
Thank you. Now,
Cricket Icon: believing in me and having faith in me and and you know, seeing that in me that that I'm stronger than this. So I
Cricket Icon: Really really improved my day it improved my week it improved my year. So thank you for that. I really, really good when when people see that in the release you don't you know that the strengthen me and the the positiveness in me. It makes me feel good. So thank you for that because
Cricket Icon: Nobody ever sees me in that light. It's like I'm the most kind is the most loving person like you know I have a sense of humor. You know, I'm a really good person out such a good heart.
Cricket Icon: Just everything about me. I can't think of one thing that's me. I'm not perfect but
Cricket Icon: Try to be the best person they possibly can be. And they're just a lot of people that look at me in a different light. They look at me like if like if I act like if I'm better than others. They, they look at me like, if I like a fine mom.
Cricket Icon: Like conceited or something. And it's like, where do you guys get that from. Where do you get that vibe from, where do you, where do you even get that off from like the way talk the way I present myself like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It has nothing to do with you. It has to do with their own insecurities when they see somebody when a lot of people, most people see somebody happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See somebody trying to put positive energy in the world. You know what I mean. This world is so negative that it wants to suck it all up and turn it negative
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to remember that.
Cricket Icon: The positive don't want anybody being positive
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, and you know, being happy within you know with your life. What is that that's a whole new concept for a lot of people, it's like really being happy in the situation that you're in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, you have stressors and yeah you have struggles, just like everybody else. But how you handle them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is different. And that's what people what frustrates people will. Why is she so happy. And why is she so positive. And why does she get to have a smile on her face and go through the day with grace because you're doing the work you need to do to do it.
Cricket Icon: Exactly. You explain that perfectly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and this Kareena is no different. And you've got just got to remember this is a test.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are you gonna do with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Up to God. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right. And don't stop putting that smile on your face.
Cricket Icon: Is a key my prayers up and just stay positive. And, you know, just be myself. I'm not gonna let it change the way I am, you know, I'm like, they said things will work out.
Cricket Icon: And they will know. That's just the way it's meant to be. And no matter what I will, I will continue fighting for my family.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you will. I know she's wearing you down a little bit, but she hasn't seen
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I've yet to come. It's
Cricket Icon: Really, really, really trying to get to me, but I'm not letting her you know like
Cricket Icon: I like like this morning. You know, I just say, I just, I kind of felt a little bit
Cricket Icon: A little bit. Just like worried. I guess when I woke up this morning. I felt worry, I hope it's because of a dream I had or what but now, now that I'm talking to you and you know like, you know, it's like you're pretty much like like slapping me in the face and saying, snap out
Cricket Icon: Of this is how you like I know like, be like, be yourself that Get. Get back. Get back. Get back into your mode. Like, don't let this woman do this to you. You know, like that's that's like pretty much
Cricket Icon: What I feel from you, you know, it's like you wake up you know like
Cricket Icon: Last week,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Cricket Icon: So, so yeah, so I'm really glad I got to meet with you today. I really, really needed it really needed to to speak to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You okay so know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Rosa, that if you're in the next couple days I I worked for the rest of the week. If you come up where you're feeling really stressed and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you want to talk call the virtual clinic and tell them I you know I really would like to see back to, and they'll contact me and I will get you in and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We will process through this, we will look at other avenues. We will. You know what I mean. We will talk about it and get you back to the person that you are you know you. The crazy part is that, you know, people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That are negative, and that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are frustrated with the fact that we are happy, and that we are trying to move forward with grace, you know, they were they're the ones that want to keep us down here, the ones that
Cricket Icon: And he can't let them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you can't let them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're too good for that you have to remember that. And by the way, I love, I absolutely love your purple hair.
Cricket Icon: Oh, did you can you see it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I love it.
Cricket Icon: Oh, thank you. Things I
Cricket Icon: I guess only in the light, you can see it. I can't, I can't see it. I'm like, oh, my words of Burgundy like
Cricket Icon: Yeah.
Cricket Icon: Dr. Joanne had a had complimented me as. Wow. And a couple of our, you know, of the group members, etc. And
Cricket Icon: I'm like, thank you. I really appreciate the compliments. You know, I, I kind of thought. I made a mistake. I was like, no, like, okay, they did a little too dark. I wanted to burgundy to San Diego, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I see it.
Cricket Icon: Within obviously then obviously, I didn't make a mistake, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nope. It looks good. And I can see it and purple is my favorite color.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I love it. Yeah, it looks really good on you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It looks, you will tell you that
Cricket Icon: I just, I, I'm really, really relieved to hear that.
Cricket Icon: Because I thought I made a mistake and you know worst diet, you can pull back on it. Yep. So let it grow out
Cricket Icon: Isn't the darkest so I can go, I don't want to go block, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, it looks good.
Cricket Icon: Thank you for that. Thanks, man. Really, really makes me feel good. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got work to do.
Cricket Icon: Yes. Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you
Cricket Icon: lease agreement right now.
Cricket Icon: So, so yeah I
Cricket Icon: I am. I'm pretty sure I'm going to have to speak to you, um, you know, sometime sometime this week. I just say you just really, really, really helped me
Cricket Icon: Out of it. I don't like everyone you know I mean of course you know I'm you know my boyfriend. The father, my son. Yeah, but, but he's a man, you don't really
Cricket Icon: You know, you know, hormones, is what he calls him.
Cricket Icon: I'm like, wow, I need to talk to a woman, then you know my mom, my Mom's not here. No more. So you're like the closest thing I have to that and
Cricket Icon: You get really good advice and he listened to me really well. And I just, I really, I really, really look forward to seeing you every week. I really do enjoy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I enjoy our time together to definitely, I can feel on most days. I can feel the positive energy. And so what you give to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is 100 times what I could ever give to you, you know, it just kind of settles in, and puts me back into that positive headspace and I love that about working with you, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So remember that. All right. Remember that this is a test and you pray, pray your heart out and check your rent your rental agreement, see if the owner's name is on there and if so, give them a call.
Cricket Icon: Okay, definitely will do. And then if I want, they find out more information and I get. I get on
Cricket Icon: If I do, in the sense that like speaking to the owner or the manager or etc. I'll get in touch with you just to
Cricket Icon: Okay, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me know.
Cricket Icon: Just because you know i i know i know how it is when when somebody like
Cricket Icon: Telling you, you, you know, a situation that that that they're in. And it's like a really bad situation as friends of mine that I get into homeless with my kids, I'm sure I would be worried if somebody was telling me that, so. So yes, I
Cricket Icon: Love it, so that you know you won't you won't be, you know, thinking about it so much. Or like, you know, where we, you know, I wonder what's going on with rosov his or her kids. Okay. And you know what I mean.
Cricket Icon: So yeah, I think you
Cricket Icon: Definitely leaving. I'm going to go through my disagreement and then see them see what I can get through, and then I most definitely will call the virtual clinic and see
Cricket Icon: Okay and get to her than our in our actual scheduled appointment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. You got it, and have a great day and keep that smile on your face.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That wall.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, I will talk to you later.
Cricket Icon: I think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye bye run
Cricket Icon: Much love. Bye.